Copy edit 5.16 guides (#2010)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/guides/aggregate-metrics-statsd.md

---
title: "Aggregate metrics with the Sensu StatsD listener"
linkTitle: "Aggregate StatsD Metrics"

> description: "StatsD allows you to measure anything and everything. To monitor application performance, collect custom metrics in your code and send them to a StatsD server. You can also monitor CPU, I/0, and network system levels with collection daemons. Sensu agents include a listener to send StatsD metrics to the event pipeline. Read the guide to get started."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "StatsD allows you to measure anything and everything. To monitor application performance, collect custom metrics in your code and send them to a StatsD server. You can also monitor CPU, I/0, and network utilization with collection daemons. Sensu agents include a listener to send StatsD metrics to the event pipeline. Read the guide to get started."
```
